org/to-do.md, before:

## By Creative Project

- [x] Fix accordions
- [x] Fix [hamburger](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp)
- [x] Fix button styling
- [x] clear the add form
- [x] Fix login
- - [x] make it not on top of each other
- - [x] make it on the far right
- - [x] make it click and switchable
- [x] Make nav links responsive and other stuff
- [] Fix about page pics
- [x] make title responsive

## Future

- [] fix teacher covering contact
- [] [icons](https://www.w3schools.com/icons/default.asp)
- [] make responsive navbar like [twitter](https://twitter.com/intcreator)
- [] create style guide and consistent [colors](https://onextrapixel.com/anatomy-of-colors-in-web-design-pure-as-snow-white/)
- [] [sign commits](https://help.github.com/articles/signing-commits-with-gpg/)
- [x] switchable modes
- [x] implement store
- [x] ability to delete passages
- [x] add passage author = current user
- [x] make user permissions 
- [] must have teacher permission to add
- [] make user persistent
- [] add and convert dates
- [] ability to edit passages with edit history
- [] create drop down menu with "About the Creators" and "About Suprasegmentals" and maybe even "About the Application"
- [] Separate about page into "About the Creators" and "About Suprasegmentals" and maybe even "About the Application"
- [] Make a grid based layout full of sample passages on the read a passage page
- [] make the form give feedback
- [] api/assignment 2 stuff
- [] make the parser actually work :)
- [] add favicon back, in green
- [] fix about pics
- [] make passages use grid layout
- [] make contact us form work
- [] add passage viewer
- [] attribute things properly
- [] responsive menu
- [] browse specific passages like [this](https://github.com/BYU-CS260-Winter-2018/lab3/wiki)
- [] use tabs to edit and stuff as a teacher, as a student
- [] drag and drop reordering?
- [] Chartsjs?
- [] star rating?

Commit message:

update to-dos for creative project #2 and #5

org/to-do.md, after:

## For Creative Projects

- implement SQL database
- add API


## Future

- [] Fix about page pics
- [] fix teacher covering contact
- [] [icons](https://www.w3schools.com/icons/default.asp)
- [] make responsive navbar like [twitter](https://twitter.com/intcreator)
- [] create style guide and consistent [colors](https://onextrapixel.com/anatomy-of-colors-in-web-design-pure-as-snow-white/)
- [] use global styles and css variables
- [] [sign commits](https://help.github.com/articles/signing-commits-with-gpg/)
- [] must have teacher permission to add
- [] make user persistent
- [] add and convert dates
- [] ability to edit passages with edit history
- [] create drop down menu with "About the Creators" and "About Suprasegmentals" and maybe even "About the Application"
- [] Separate about page into "About the Creators" and "About Suprasegmentals" and maybe even "About the Application"
- [] Make a grid based layout full of sample passages on the read a passage page
- [] make the form give feedback
- [] api/assignment 2 stuff
- [] make the parser actually work :)
- [] add favicon back, in green
- [] fix about pics
- [] make passages use grid layout
- [] make contact us form work
- [] add passage viewer
- [] attribute things properly
- [] responsive menu
- [] browse specific passages like [this](https://github.com/BYU-CS260-Winter-2018/lab3/wiki)
- [] use tabs to edit and stuff as a teacher, as a student
- [] drag and drop reordering?
- [] Chartsjs?
- [] star rating?

## Complete

- [x] Fix accordions
- [x] Fix [hamburger](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_topnav_responsive.asp)
- [x] switchable modes
- [x] implement store
- [x] ability to delete passages
- [x] add passage author = current user
- [x] make user permissions 
- [x] Fix button styling
- [x] clear the add form
- [x] Fix login
- - [x] make it not on top of each other
- - [x] make it on the far right
- - [x] make it click and switchable
- [x] Make nav links responsive and other stuff
- [x] make title responsive
